Community PR - Dune Dashboard (2a) (#5976)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/dune-analytics/parachain-dashboards/collectives-dashboards.md

---
id: collectives-dashboards
title: Collectives Dashboards
sidebar_label: Collectives
description:
  The Technical Fellowship is a self-governing body of experts and developers of Polkadot and Kusama
  networks protocols. It operates on-chain through the Polkadot Collectives system chain and

>   off-chain through the Polkadot Fellows repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description:
  The Technical Fellowship is a self-governing body of experts and developers of Polkadot and Kusama
  networks protocols.
```

keywords: [polkadot, dashboard, dune, collectives, fellowship]
slug: ../collectives-dashboards
---

> # Manta Dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Collectives Dashboards
```

## Overview

The Technical Fellowship is a self-governing body of experts and developers of Polkadot and Kusama
networks protocols. It operates on-chain through the Polkadot Collectives system chain and off-chain
through the Polkadot Fellows repository.

## Featured Dashboards on Dune

> Here you'll find a variety of dashboards that help visualize data from the Manta parachain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you will find a variety of dashboards that help visualize data from the Collectives parachain:
```

- [Collectives](https://dune.com/substrate/collectives): This dashboard provides an overview of the
  Collectives ecosystem. On this dashboard, you can see the entire landscape of activities within
  the Collectives network, such as the distribution of Salaries, Member Ranks, and voting activities
  on Referenda.

## Key Tables

Data from the manta parachain is organized into several key tables:

- `collectives.balances`
- `collectives.blocks`
- `collectives.calls`
- `collectives.events`,
- `collectives.extrinsics`
- `collectives.transfers`

## Useful Queries

> Currently, there are no specific queries provided. Please check back later for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there are no specific queries provided.
```
